Update step2.md with edits for clarity, typo fixes (#16)
iterative/katacoda-scenarios: get-started/versioning/step2.md

`md5sum data/data.xml`{{execute}}

> DVC created a tracking file with the extension `.dvc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DVC created a tracking file with the `.dvc` extension.
```

> The MD5 hash of the data file `data.xml` is kept in `data.xml.dvc`. Since the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MD5 hash of the `data.xml` data file is kept in `data.xml.dvc`. Since the
```

> copy of `data.xml` saved in the cache is named after its MD5 hash, the hash is

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
cached copy of `data.xml` uses a path based on its MD5 hash, the hash is
```

effectively a pointer to the cached copy.

If the content of `data.xml` is changed, its MD5 hash will change. DVC is able
to detect the change by comparing the new MD5 hash to the MD5 hash kept in
`data.xml.dvc`.

`tree .dvc/cache`{{execute}}

DVC has also saved a copy of `data/data.xml` to `.dvc/cache/` using its MD5 hash

> as a file name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as the file path.
```

> To save storage space and time when dealing with large files, DVC can use

> > `symlinks`, `hardlinks`, or `reflinks`, depending on the file system and DVC
> > settings. Read more in the user guide for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `symlinks`, `hardlinks`, or `reflinks`, depending on the file system.
> Read more details in
```
